Closes #134: IOP test data update (#142)
pharmaverse/pharmaversesdtm: NEWS.md

    - `qs_metabolic`
    - `vs_metabolic`
    - `lb_metabolic`

> - OE data was Updated to include pre and post-dose IOP: (#134)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated OE dataset to include both pre and post-dose IOP. (#134)   
```

Also would you mind doing me a favour please and updating the item on line 7 ("removing outdated references...") so that it is under a new `## Documentation` section, under the `## New Features`? Then we are good to go.
